Features Morinus

Computes a horoscope with high accuracy between 5000BC-5000AD 
Place database 
Positions (Speculum) 
Find time from planetary positions 
Graphical Ephemeris (Tropical or Sidereal) 
Misc data (Sidereal time, Obliquity of Ecliptic, ...) 
12 Housesystems 
Showing the charts in several ways (Themes) 
Synastry 
Aspects 
Selectable Traditional Aspects 
MidPoints 
Rise/Set times 
Almutens(acc. to the Arabs and Ibn Ezra(Points, Chart, Topical)) 
Selectable individual colors or acc. to dignities 
Speeds 
Selectable fixedstars(max. 40 out of 800) 
Antiscia 
Zodiacal Parallels 
30-deg Strip(Horary) 
Lot of Fortune (several types) 
Arabic Parts 
Day/Night orb 
Syzygy(Prenatal Lunation) (in Misc Table) 
Mundane Lot of Fortune(in Mundane Positions table) 
Planetary Hours 
Topocentric Positions 
Ayanamsha 
Square(Medieval) Chart 
Profections (zodiacal, mundane; Gregorian and time in GMT) 
Save to bitmap (black and white or color) 
Transits (date, month) 
Revolutions 
Precession and nutation corrected solar revolutions if an ayanamsa is selected 
Transits of the Sun 
Secondary Directions (Apparent Solar Time, Mean-Time) 
Elections 
Selectable showing of the Fixedstars, Antiscia, Lot of Fortune, Terms, Decans in the chart 
Primary Directions(mundane, zodiacal) 
Placidian(semiarc) (or Ptolemy) 
Placidian(UnderThePole) (zodiacal only, with or without latitude) 
Regiomontanian 
Campanian 
Zodiacal only: Terms, Fixstars, syzygy (Primary Directions) 
Zodiacal Parallels (Primary Directions) 
Topocentric Positions (Primary Directions) 
Secondary Motion of the Moon (Primary Directions) 
User-point (Primary Directions) 
User2-point (Primary Directions) 
Speculum of user-point or user2-point (Primary Directions) 
Primary Keys(static, dynamic) 
PDs in chart 
Second-resolution time-stepping(Primary Directions) 
Converse Primary Directions can also be timed by regressive Sun in case of True Solar Arc 
Primary Directions in solar and lunar revolutions 
Available in english, hungarian, italian, french, russian and spanish 

In the options menu you can set the: 
Appearance 
Symbols 
Dignities 
Minor Dignities(Triplicities, Terms, Decans) 
Almutens 
Ayanamsha 
Colors 
House Systems 
Nodes 
Orbs 
Primary Directions 
Primary Keys 
PDs in chart 
Lot of Fortune 
Arabic Parts(editor) 
Syzygy 
Fixstars 
Languages 





Features Astrolog

Position calculation features:
Positions of Sun through Pluto and the house cusps.
Positions of Chiron and the four main asteroids.
Positions of True and Mean nodes, Part of Fortune, Vertex, and East Point.
Position of Lilith (the “Black Moon” or focus of the Moon’s elliptical orbit).
Position of Vulcan, and other etheric or hypothetical bodies.      
Positions of the eight Uranian planets.
Positions of major Dwarf planets and candidate Dwarf planets.
Positions of 27 planetary moons and 5 planet center of bodies.
Positions of 47 fixed stars (full support equivalent to planets).
Positions of 1100 fixed stars (displayed all together).
Positions of 177 Arabic parts and their formulas.
Option to display up to 540,000 additional asteroids and minor bodies.
Option to use any or all of the accurate 30,000 year Swiss Ephemeris.
Option to display positions using JPL Horizons Website.
Computation features:
23 house systems (34 counting experimental systems).
Tropical and sidereal zodiacs.
Specify zodiac starting position and ayanamsa.
Heliocentric and other planet centered charts.
Option to display barycenters or center of body for Sun and planets.
Applying and separating aspects, and waxing and waning aspects.
Parallel and contraparallel aspects.
Harmonic charts.
Solar charts with objects on Ascendant or Midheaven.
Decan positions.
Dwad and nested dwad positions.
Navamsa positions.
Esoteric Astrology and Rays.
3D house systems that take planetary latitude into account.
3D aspects that take planetary latitude into account.
3D midpoints that take planetary latitude into account.
Positions relative to ecliptic, equator, and plane of solar system.
Local horizon positions in azimuth/altitude or prime vertical coordinates.
Specify your own positions for planets.
Display formats:
Simple list of positions.
Wheel charts.
Indian (i.e. Vedic/Hindu/Jyotish) format wheel charts.
Aspect and midpoint grids.
List aspect configurations such as Yods.
List aspects sorted by influence.
List midpoints sorted by position.
Local horizon positions.
Times of planets rising and setting.
Solar system orbit charts.
Gauquelin sector charts.
Astro-graph astrocartography charts (including for minor house cusps)
List latitude crossings or parans in astro-graph charts.
Generic and transit calendars for months and years.
Ephemeris tables.
Transit graphs.
Chart spheres (3D wheel charts).
Biorhythm charts.
Transit and progression features:
Secondary progressions and solar arc progressions.
Specify your own progression rates.
Times of exact aspects among transiting planets.
Times of planets changing sign or direction.
Times of void of course Moon, lunar phases, and season changes.
Times of eclipses and occultations/transits, and their type/intensity.
Times of exact aspects in a progressed chart.
Times of exact transit events.
Times of transits to house cusps.
Times of solar, lunar, and other returns.
Times of exact transits from progressed planets.
List transits to natal planets within orb in influence order.
List aspects within orb among transiting planets in influence order.
Transits to composite and other no-time charts.
Relationship chart features:
Synastry charts.
Composite charts.
Time space midpoint charts.
Weighted or ratioed relationship charts.
Display elapsed time between charts.
Aspect and midpoint grids between two charts.
Aspect and midpoint lists between two charts.
Automatic transit to natal comparison chart.
Automatic progressed to natal comparison chart.
Atlas features:
Look up city names in atlas to get longitude and latitude.
Look up city’s time zone and whether Daylight Time was in effect.
Display nearest cities to a set of coordinates.
Display time zone and Daylight Time changes over time.
Autodetect whether Daylight Time is in effect for current moment now.
Graphic atlas to map cities within an area.
Interpretation features:
Influence charts sorting planets and signs by power.
Interpret natal positions and natal aspects.
Interpret transits and midpoints.
Interpret transiting aspects and sign and direction changes.
Interpret aspects and midpoints between charts.
Interpret synastry charts.
Interpret latitude crossings in astro-graph charts.
Esoteric Astrology interpretation including astrological Ray chart clues.
Graphics features:
Graphic wheel chart.
Graphic bi-wheel comparison / transit chart.
Graphic tri-wheels, quad-wheels, quin-wheels, and hexa-wheels.
Graphic South Indian and North Indian format wheels.
Graphic aspect / midpoint and relationship aspect / midpoint grids.
Graphic dial charts of various degree sizes, with midpoint trees.
Graphic 2D astro-graph chart on a map of the world.
Graphic 3D astro-graph chart on a globe of the world.
Graphic local horizon, polar horizon, Gauquelin wheel, and orbit charts.
Graphic ephemeris chart plotting planet positions over time.
Graphic planet visibility chart plotting when planets are above horizon.
Graphic Esoteric Astrology Ray table.
Graphic calendars and biorhythms.
Dispositor graph chart.
Plot positions among the astronomical constellations.
Draw lines between stars to depict constellations.
Graphic telescope chart to zoom in on an area of sky.
Display rings of Saturn and Uranus.
Smoothly animate charts through time at varying rates.
Continuously update chart to current moment now.
Animate a rotating globe.
Timed exposures for horizon and orbit charts.
Display custom bitmap backgrounds behind charts.
Create PostScript graphic files.
Create graphic X11 and Windows bitmap files.
Create Windows metafiles.
Create Daedalus 3D wireframe files.
Customization options:
Initialization file for default settings.
Choose what transiting and natal planets to include in charts.
Choose among 24 major and minor aspects, or define your own.
Specify aspect orbs.
Specify the maximum orb allowed to a planet.
Specify wider orbs for any planet.
Display times and zodiac positions to the nearest second.
DMY & MDY date formats and 24 hour & am/pm time formats.
Display locations in hours & minutes, Nakshatra, or 360 degree form.
Customize interpretation strings.
Customize colors and color palettes.
Redefine planets to various hypothetical planets.
Redefine planets to point to external ephemeris files.
Define your own orbital elements for planets.
Choose among graphic glyphs for certain signs and planets.
Specify influence of planets and planets when transiting.
Specify influence of houses and aspects.
Customize chart positions and output through AstroExpression scripting.
Chart access features:
Quick charts for the current moment now.
Save and load chart time and place to file.
Save and load chart positions to file.
Save text output directly to file.
Save and load lists of multiple charts in various formats.
Relocate charts.
Cast a chart a specified time ahead of any chart.
System features:
Display text charts in Ansi color.
Export text charts in HTML format.
Support nine different fonts for signs, planets, and aspects.
Paging for when text charts fill more than a screen.
Access environment variables.
Define macros for your most common operations.
Easy to use menu and dialog interface in the Windows version.
Right click context menus for each graphics chart in Windows version.
Act as a screensaver in the Windows version.

 